1.What is statically typed and Dynamically typed programming language ?
Ans: Statically typed : if the memory of the variable is given during the compilation time itself then such type of 
programming languages are called as "statically typed".
              Eg: C,C++,JAVA.
Dynamically typed : if the memory of the variable is given during the execution time itself then such types of 
programming languages are called as "dynamically typed".
              Eg: python,PHP,Javascript.


2.What is the variable in Java ?
Ans:  *The value stored in a variable can be changed during program execution.

      *Variables in Java are only a name given to a memory location.
       All the operations done on the variable affect that memory location.

      *In Java, all variables must be declared before use.
A variable is the title of the reserved region allocated in memory. In other words , It may be referred to as the name of a memory location. 
It is a container that holds the value while a Java programme is executed . Each variable should be given a unique name to indicate a storage area.
A variable is assigned with a datatype .

syntax of declaring variable :
Type variable_name [=value];
The variable name is the name of a variable. We can initialise a variable by specifying an equal sign and a value 
(initialization i.e assigning an intial value , is optional). however ,the compiler never assigns a default value 
to an uninitialized local variable in Java .

3.How to assign a value to variable ?
Ans:We use assign operator(=) to assign a value to variable for example ,
number=10;
flag=true;
name="code With PW";

we can assign a value to a variable any numbers of times in Java, but when we assign new value to a 
variable , the old value will be overwritten.

for example , in the first code snippet, we have first assigned a value 10 to the number and modified its value 
by performing the number+20 operation and assigning it back to variable number by.


4.What are primitive data types in Java?
Ans: byte,short,int,long,float,double,char,string,boolean.


5.What are the identifier in Java ?
Ans:Identifier in the Java are symbolic names used for identification. they can be a class name , variable name ,
method name ,package name , constant name, and more . however, in Java , there are some reserved words that can not be used as an identifier .

6.List of operators in java ?
Ans: *Arithmatic
     *Relational
     *Logical
     *Assignment
     *Unary
     *Bitwise

7.Explain about increment And decrement  Operators and give an examples?
Ans:Increment and Decrement Operators in Java are used to increase or decrease the value by 1.
For example , incremental operator ++ is useful to increase the existing variable value by 1 (i=i+1). 
Moreover, the decrement operator -- is useful to decrease or subtract the current value by 1 (i=i-1).
The syntax of both increment and decrement operators in Java programming to prefix or postfix is 

increment operator: ++x or x++
decrement operator: --x or x--
	
