1.What is programming language?
Ans: As we know, to communicate with a person, we need a specific language, similarly to communicate with computers,
 programmers also need a language is called Programming language. programming is a practice that strengthens our
 capacity for logical thought and problem-solving . it teaches us how to carry out a task with aid of software or 
 computer program.So, to put it simply, programming is the process of using computer language to bring a solution 
 to a problem into practice.


2.why do we need a programming language ?
Ans:Programming language - it is vocabulary and a collection of rules that commands a computer, devices,
 application is to work according to the written codes. The programming language enables us to write
 efficient programs and develop online solutions such as - mobile applications, web application, and games etc.
programming is used to automate , maitain, assemble , measure and interpret the processing of the data and 
information. it helps in accelerating the input and output of the devices or applications.  


3.Features of Java
*Object-Oriented - The Features of object - oriented  programming are supported by Java.
 its object model is straightforward and flexible. 

*. Simple:  Java is one of the simple languages as it does not have complex features like pointers,
 operator overloading, multiple inheritances, and Explicit memory allocation. 

*Robust:  Java language is robust which means reliable. It is developed in such a way that it puts a lot of effort into checking errors as early as possible,
 that is why the java compiler is able to detect even those errors that are not easy to detect by another programming language.
 The main features of java that make it robust are garbage collection, Exception Handling, and memory allocation.

*Portable:  As we know, java code written on one machine can be run on another machine. 
The platform-independent feature of java in which its platform-independent bytecode
can be taken to any platform for execution makes java portable.

*Multithreading:  Java supports multithreading. It is a Java feature that allows concurrent execution of two or more parts of a program for maximum utilization of the CPU.

*Dynamic flexibility: Java being completely object-oriented gives us the flexibility to add classes, 
 new methods to existing classes, and even create new classes through sub-classes.
 Java even supports functions written in other languages such as C, C++ which are referred to as native methods.


4.What is an object?
Ans:An object is an entity with state behaviour, such as a chair , bike ,marker, pen, table ,or car . It could be intellectual or physical ( tangible and intangible). 
The banking system is an illustration of an intangible entity.


5.What is a class?
Ans:A class is a collection of items with similar characteristics. it serves as a model or blueprint from which things 
can be made. it makes sense as a whole . it cannot be bodily.


6.Explain about the Java main() method?
   
                    keyword  /   methodname   /  Arrayofstringtype

                   public static void main(string args[])

                 access specifier / return type

Ans:The main () is the starting point for JVM to start executionof java program. without the main() method ,
JVM will not execute the program . the syntax of the main ()method is : public it is an access specifier.we
should use a public keyword  before the main ()method so that JVM can identify the execution point of the program.

public: It is an access specifier. We should use a public keyword before the main() method so that JVM can identify the execution point of the program. If we use private, protected, and default before the main() method, it will not be visible to JVM.

static: You can make a method static by using the keyword static. We should call the main() method without creating an object. Static methods are the method which invokes without creating the objects, so we do not need any object to call the main() method.

void: In Java, every method has the return type. Void keyword acknowledges the compiler that main() method does not return any value.

main(): It is a default signature which is predefined in the JVM. It is called by JVM to execute a program line by line and end the execution after completion of this method. We can also overload the main() method.

String args[]: The main() method also accepts some data from the user. It accepts a group of strings, which is called a string array. It is used to hold the command line arguments in the form of string values.

main(String args[])  

Here, agrs[] is the array name, and it is of String type. It means that it can store a group of string. Remember, this array can also store a group of numbers but in the form of string only. Values passed to the main() method is called arguments. These arguments are stored into args[] array, so the name args[] is generally used for it.